[mysterious music plays]
[music fades]
[Un-jeong] The dead
have a different look in their eyes.
[haunting music plays]
That woman…
was definitely dead.
[Gyeong-hun wails] We did nothing wrong!
We never even touched her.
I swear to you. She just died!
Chae-ni? Chae-ni? Uh…
-[Gyeong-hun sobs]
-Chae-ni?!
Chae-ni. where did she go?
[Gyeong-hun] What the hell? She was there.
[Un-jeong] Then.
she disappeared.
[mysterious music plays]
[computer beeps]
Huh?
You're not making any sense. Jeju Island?
That's what it says.
Yeah. she's on Jeju Island.
You sure Chae-ni's phone's working okay?
I'm not sure you're working okay.
She hasn't been outside Haeseong-si
ever since she was seven years old.
Oh. I know.
She's the ghost of Haeseong-si.
What can I say? It's right here.
It says she's on Jeju Island.
Christ!
[suspenseful music plays]
That silly bear isn't here. either.
[sighs]
Did she pack all her things?
[grunts]
SAVINGS ACCOUNT BANKBOOK
DEAREST GRANDMOTHER
[cell phone buzzes]
Hello. Kim Jeon-bok here.
Uh. I guess her phone
wasn't working after all.
because I just redid it.
and it looks like she's back now.
in the Haedeul-ri area.
[intriguing music plays]
[officer] You said you believe the victim
was Miss Eun Chae-ni of Hearty House?
[Un-jeong] Yeah.
I'm pretty sure.
Uh. are you talking
about the woman behind you?
Yes. that's the one.
[dramatic music plays]
Isn't that Chae-ni?
[mysterious music plays]
[chuckles softly]
[whimpers]
[intriguing music plays]
THE WONDERFOOLS
[music stops]
EPISODE 2
SECRETS ARE MEANT TO BE KEPT
You called to report
seeing these two disposing of a body?
[Chae-ni] Deny it. okay?
-Commit to it.
-[Sap King] Uh-huh.
With everything you have.
-Or we're done for.
-All right.
[intriguing music plays]
What dead body?
You saw for yourself. Eun Chae-ni is fine.
We went there to investigate.
then fell down the hill. That's it.
[groans]
Check it out. Smell my arm!
I filed several complaints about
this issue. and the only answer I get is.
"There's nothing we can do.
It's private property."
You all might as well
play a prerecorded message.
What can we do?
The authorities refuse do anything.
so it's up to citizens
to catch the waste dumpers ourselves.
What do you wanna do?
I must have made a mistake.
Okay. we'll close the case. then.
Yes. Please do that. thanks.
-All right. you're free to go.
-I was just leaving. Let's go.
You can tear that up now.
[intriguing music plays]
What did I tell you? Hm?
All you have to do is deny.
What I did was more than a denial.
I actually persuaded them with logic.
That's the difference between us.
Educated versus uneducated.
Good person. lousy person.
A person with family money.
and a person with no money!
Oh shit.
[Sap King] But are you really okay? Huh?
I was sure you were dead.
Why weren't you breathing?
I was sure I was dead too.
Even saw something weird.
[woman] What are you doing in there?
Hey. don't just sit there. Come on out!
[Chae-ni] I didn't know
what the heck she was talking about.
[woman] Can't you hear me?
Come on out of there right now!
The wind is blowing like crazy.
Get out of there before it's too late!
What's going on? You don't understand me?
It's dangerous! Get out of there now!
[Sap King gasps] Maybe it was
a near-death experience.
Like. not actually dying.
just dipping your toes in maybe.
just to check it out. What do you think?
[gasps] The lady you saw
was the Grim Reaper!
Think so?
Wait. so was I dead or not?
Maybe only half dead.
Like half-dried squid
or something like that?
Listen. out of curiosity.
does your grandma know you're here?
No. Are you nuts?
I'm not telling her. She'll freak.
She doesn't play around. Huh?
Back in Myeong-dong.
she ran the show. King Jeon-bok.
If she finds out…
[both] What would happen?
EUN CHAE-NI'S
KIDNAPPERS
[suspenseful music plays]
[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
We're so sorry. okay? [whimpers]
[music stops]
Finish burying them.
-[men] Yes. ma'am!
-No! Please! I don't wanna die.
[Gyeong-hun sobs]
That's not fair!
Why are you over there
instead of in here with us?
What was that? You know.
the word I told you not to forget.
It's like how if you're a diplomat
and you can't be punished…
-That's immunity.
-That's it. Granddaughter immunity.
[sighs]
Is there no
granddaughter's friends' immunity?
Oh. what do I do?
Hey. Mr. Son. what do we do now?
Why on earth did you tell us to do this?
I wish we'd stolen the money instead.
Oh my God. relax already.
We just have to not get caught.
Which we won't if you keep denying it.
Why do you think that's all we have to do?
That's the best solution you can think of?
I didn't say just deny it.
You have to know you didn't do it.
Totally believe it.
-[sighs]
-Oh! Does that actually work?
-We'll be okay. then. right?
-Of course we will.
Belief's a powerful thing.
[jaunty music plays]
Did you…
Did you actually
plan all this out carefully?
Was there some kind of a plan
to collect the money?
Put it into my account. of course.
Don't you know it's illegal
to open a fake account?
I had no idea because
we've never talked very much until now.
You have nothing but air
between your ears. don't you?
To think I gave you my trust.
co-conspired to get 50 million…
-Want some of this?
-What is it?
-Mm. it's good.
-Yeah. right?
Listen to me when I'm talking to you!
[music stops]
[yells]
[jaunty music resumes]
[exhales]
This is my fault. All my fault.
That's the truth.
After all. who's to blame.
the Homo sapiens or the Neanderthals?
If I ever get involved in a completely
idiotic fake kidnapping again.
not to mention
this near-death zombie nightmare.
then just shoot me in the f…
Oh no.
Oh. Oh!
[dramatic music plays]
[gasps] She heard that.
All of it.
[suspenseful music plays]
-Run!
-[yells]
[dramatic music plays]
[music stops]
[man 1] You know
the crime you are guilty of!
Strike the criminal without mercy!
[crowd shout indistinctly]
[man 2] I'm innocent!
What do you mean. I'm guilty of treason?
I'm innocent!
I don't know anything about any crime.
Hand on my heart.
I swear I've done nothing!
-[woman 1] No!
-[man 2] I'm innocent.
[man 1] What did you say?
Twist his legs around until he relents.
Until he confesses!
[screams]
I swear I didn't do it!
-[woman 2] Confess! Confess!
-[indistinct shouting]
[slurps]
[computer beeps]
What is wrong with this thing?
Come out.
Want me to call security to pull you out?!
[Gyeong-hun] Uh… Ms. Kim?
[laughs awkwardly] Um. your leg is…
[Gyeong-hun laughs awkwardly]
[Jeon-bok] Mm.
Could you…
Thanks very much.
I can get out fine
with just one of your legs lifted.
There we go.
[sighs]
-I assume you're very angry…
-We tried to stop her…
I said. "Doing this to your grandma
goes against sacred bonds."
It was her idea.
and she even promised us five mill--
She just. uh…
In other words. the kidnapping was a ruse
for a share of 50 million won?
It's true. I wanted a cut of the money.
I don't think it's fair
to say that it was an equal partnership.
-The plan was honestly conceived by--
-We wanted money to fix the roof.
Eunie came up with all of this?
Yeah! She did! Eun Chae-ni
was the mastermind behind all of it.
Shh!
Eunie.
your accomplices have already betrayed you
within minutes. Come out here at once.
[growls] You little…
You never know when to quit. do you?
Get out here!
Huh?
[gasps]
Well. th… that doesn't make sense.
I saw her.
[yelps]
[intriguing music plays]
Where were you hiding?
[Chae-ni] Grandma.
I'm back?
What do you mean. "I'm back?"
Where did you go?
I'm in no mood for this. Eunie.
Get out of there now!
[gasps]
Oh! My dear.
What's happening?
I think there's something wrong with me.
What do I do? I'm seeing things!
Oh my God. [gasps]
What exactly's going on?
Huh? We can get a better doctor.
-I. um. Uh… [whimpers]
-[Jeon-bok] Okay. You don't have a fever?
-You do?
-It's like. here.
[Jeon-bok] Okay. Does it hurt?
Check it out. Granddaughter immunity
in action over there.
[Chae-ni] Like. I had these visions.
No. well. sort of…
-[Jeon-bok] Okay. what did you see?
-It just felt so real.
There was… Grandma!
-[Jeon-bok] Yes?
-I was in…
Yes. what? Breathe. Just breathe.
-Sit. Sit down.
-[Chae-ni moans]
Sit there first and take a deep breath.
You just need to breathe. okay?
[mysterious music plays]
-[Chae-ni] He's annoying.
-[Jeon-bok] What? Is he annoying you?
She says you're annoying her.
-[man] You're looking for someone?
-[music fades]
Who is it?
The Child of Eternity?
I don't know.
There were children
who survived the fire there. you know?
But I don't know anything
about a Child of Eternity.
Oh. there was another child
that I remember very clearly.
3972.
He was the one I saved.
I unlocked the door for him.
[3972 panting]
Hey. mister! Mister!
-Let me out. please! Open the door!
-[gasps]
Please open the door!
[woman] 3972?
That's the one you saved?
Are you sure about that?
Yes. Without a doubt.
And you know what else?
He lives in Haeseong-si now.
Mm.
[man] He's all grown up.
He didn't recognize me
when we ran into each other.
I did. Right when I saw him. I was sure.
3972.
Memory is a funny thing.
Yes. isn't it?
Thank you so much.
Now. go ahead and eat your dinner.
[gentle music plays]
[chuckles softly]
Sorry. but it's been so many years
since I sat at a table with you like this
and ate a warm meal together.
[chuckles softly]
[man] Mm.
Ever since you died.
I've been longing for a day like this day
to come once again.
[chuckles softly]
I never thought that I'd see you again.
[unsettling music plays]
You hear that? 3972.
[man] Huh?
Honey?
Hey. wait… This… Where am I?
Where am I? Huh?
NUMBER 3972
ABILITY: TELEKINESIS
[man] What's going on here?
[haunting music plays]
[gate clangs]
[music fades]
[gentle music plays]
[child singing "Der Mond ist aufgegangen"]
[machine beeps]
[boy] Do you have a family?
[3972] I don't remember
anything at all.
Your mom's face even?
What about your dad?
[singing continues]
[chuckles]
[dramatic music sting]
[children panting]
[man] Oh!
[haunting music plays]
[music stops]
[haunting music resumes]
[gasps]
Don't worry. I'm okay.
I can't ever die.
You can't die ever?
[dramatic music plays]
Try that book. Just focus. Have faith.
[breathes heavily]
[quiet uneasy music plays]
[music stops]
[kids] Whoa!
[gasps]
[child 1] That was so cool!
-[child 2] So cool!
-[child 3] That was so amazing! No way!
[gentle piano music plays]
[3972] No! Stop!
[children scream]
[panting]
[eerie music plays]
[music stops]
[knocking on door]
[landlady] You really gonna keep this up.
City Hall guy?
I told you to stop
making so much noise at night!
I can't take it anymore.
I want you out of here!
[exhales]
[boy] I can't ever die.
[somber music plays]
[Un-jeong] But that kid
was definitely a boy.
[snorts]
[music fades]
[mysterious music plays]
What? Pff.
Uh…
Hm.
Hm?
Huh?
Why do you keep doing that?
Something wrong?
Oh. please. just go on and say it.
Well. you see…
I've prepared myself. so please tell me.
I'm ready.
Very well.
It's very…
Oh. I don't understand this.
It doesn't make any sense at all.
but the tests confirm that…
that she's in
perfect health.
What?
If you… Okay. um. let me…
Take a look over here.
You can see. on this one. there are
no big changes and it's very stable.
And then. look at this one from today.
So we did an ultrasound.
and her kidneys look great too.
The inflammation from last time
has totally disappeared.
And here. this…
this is an X-ray we took today.
and this is from last week.
Her lungs are clear now.
And last time. her heart was. uh. swollen.
and now it's returned to regular size.
So. does that. uh…
[intriguing music plays]
-It looks like… Just to be clear…
-[doctor] Uh-huh?
Do you mean to say
she's improved since
her last round of tests?
She's more than just improved. She's
completely healthy now.
[chuckles]
-Healthy?
-Exactly!
I've never seen anything like it.
It's amazing.
Now. to be clear. I've had patients
with unforeseen outcomes.
where we were never able
to find out the reason.
and. usually. we call that a miracle.
And I've never seen anything
anywhere close to this miracle.
[chuckles]
She's…
[man] Some kind of miracle child.
[music fades]
CHOI YEONG-JUN
[line rings. phone beeps]
This is Choi Yeong-jun.
Please leave a message.
Hello. Choi Yeong-jun.
It's me. Kim Jeon-bok of Myeong-dong.
Call me as soon as you can.
[cell phone closes]
[unsettling music plays]
CHURCH OF ETERNAL SALVATION
APOCALYPSE ON DECEMBER 31ST
RECEIVE SALVATION
AND BE GRANTED ETERNAL LIFE
APOCALYPSE
SALVATION
[music fades]
[Sap King] So what are we gonna do?
How are we supposed
to face Grandma now? [groans]
Why are you asking me?
You two dragged me into this. even though
I didn't wanna do it. So you tell me.
Oh. really?
If you hadn't assumed Chae-ni was dead
when she wasn't. it would have gone fine.
That…
Hey. I didn't assume she was dead.
She had no pulse. She was definitely dead!
How could she be possibly be alive now
if that's true?
I'm not the one
that thought of throwing her into a--
Shut your mouth!
You didn't exactly have a plan.
Anyway. was I alone?
You're the one who's friends with her.
What kind of a person throws their friend
into a toxic pond. huh?
[gasps]
[scoffs]
You should talk. I was saying
the entire time that we shouldn't do it.
Crying again. Of course you are.
That's all you ever do.
You've got the face of a convict.
but you cry at the drop of a hat.
By the way.
your face is terrifying when you cry.
A real horror show.
[gasps] You really
shouldn't make fun of my looks. you know.
That's not very nice at all.
Oh. you think
I'm making fun of your looks?
No. never.
Huh? You're not? Really?
Of course not.
No. I'm making fun of your looks
and your sad. sulky personality
both at the same time.
Catch up. Sap. And wipe your nose too.
God. you're so frustrating.
[grunts]
[whimpers]
-[grunts]
-[loud thud]
[door opens]
Don't drink from the bottle. It's gross.
[Mi-hui groans]
Oh. hey.
The illegal dumping thing.
are they going to do anything?
Huh?
Oh. Oh. oh. of course. Yes. well.
they listened to the concerns I raised.
and I'm sure they'll take care of it.
What about your mom?
What?
Did you tell her
we're not sending her to Hawaii
but actually to the Hawaii Resort
in Bugok instead?
Mm-hmm. yeah.
Sure.
She knows business is slow these days.
She didn't take it too hard.
[door closes]
[mysterious music plays]
[Mi-hui] Hey. what are you doing?
Oh. I was thinking about a few things.
Do you have to do it there?
Yeah. I have to do it here.
[groans] Okay. well. good night.
Good night. Moon Mi-hui.
[door closes]
[music fades]
Oh. what a surprise.
Here comes my daughter.
just as I open the refrigerator door.
[laughs awkwardly]
Want more ice? Go ahead. After you.
[Cheong sighs]
Sleep well. then.
[strains]
Is it the fridge. or is it my hand?
For the fridge. I'll call a repair
service. but for my hand. who do I call?
[tense music plays]
[grunts]
[synth pop music plays]
But what happened?
Uh… Mm-hmm. Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
But how?
[gasps]
Oh.
That was just impossible.
[tense music plays]
[music fades]
[Jeon-bok sighs]
Who exactly helped you with it?
[coughs]
[clears throat]
I was by myself.
I already know those two imbeciles.
Ro-bin and that fool Son. were involved.
Was there anybody else?
No.
Only them and. well. me. acting alone.
Do you know what it means to act alone?
Well. yeah. I act alone all the time.
Soup's getting cold. Eat.
How did you plan on traveling
without your ID?
[sighs]
What did the… doctor say?
Something… bad. I'm guessing. Right?
Mm. When you were little.
I prayed for you every day
and always worried about you.
If I couldn't reach you.
even for a moment.
my heart would be in my throat.
When you had to be in hospital.
I could barely breathe.
I've been terrified
this past 20 years.
But I…
I know my fear was nothing…
compared to yours.
Sorry. Grandma.
Whatever for? You did your duty to me
for the first time in your life.
Your hospital tests
say you're in perfect health.
Everything's completely normal now.
I never thought I'd live to see this day.
And your scans look so good.
The biggest transformation is your heart.
It's in perfect condition.
Ah! You should've seen the doctor!
He was making such a fuss
and calling it a miracle.
[chuckles]
Anyway.
I want you
to live more fully. huh?
But don't assume you're fine.
Go to your appointments. okay?
How about you go
to the aurora borealis first.
then to the big rock
that's got a whole bunch of faces on it.
Oh. and… and what was it again?
Go to see the Iguana Falls.
I mean it. You should go.
The world is your oyster.
[gentle music plays]
My dear girl.
from now on.
go and explore your life.
Explore it all.
and pay your own way.
Peeling onions?
I'll be here forever at that rate.
[sighs]
[music fades]
PASSPORT
BOARDING PASS
Oh! Oh my God!
[jaunty music plays]
But first…
you need to fill this up.
Until then. do your chores. stay healthy.
and make sure you're respectful.
Remember. what goes around
comes around. Just be good. That's it.
[scoffs]
Grandma. look. I'm not…
You think I'm a child. and I'm 27 now.
Well. if you prefer.
peel those onions instead.
Oh. no! Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. [chuckles]
[Jeon-bok] All right.
Start by finishing up your lunch.
[chuckles]
[gentle music plays]
[chuckles softly]
[cell phone buzzes]
Yes? Kim Jeon-bok of Hearty House.
[music fades]
[exhales]
It's been a while. Mr. Choi.
[cheerful music plays]
[laughing]
Mm. mm.
[Chae-ni hums]
REWARD GRAPES
Hm. "Great job!" Ooh!
[chuckles]
Wow. look. My lips aren't blue.
My complexion's so good.
No more tinnitus either.
My bruises are all gone.
[music fades]
My heartbeats are strong and regular.
I am a whole lot better since
my brush with death. or whatever it was.
So what's with the weird visions?
[woman] It's dangerous in there!
Get out of there right now!
[intriguing music plays]
But that wasn't
what I'd call a tunnel.
[indistinct chatter]
[man shrieks]
What if it's… [gasps]
[Chae-ni] I can't even bring myself
to say time travel.
[Ro-bin groans]
[Chae-ni] Oh. wait.
My brain was deprived of oxygen
for a long time.
That's definitely it.
[sighs] It was a hallucination.
There's no doubt about it.
Wait a minute.
What if in exchange for a working heart…
Seven times five is thirty-five.
seven times six is forty-two.
seven times seven is forty-nine.
seven times eight…
Times eight?
[gasps]
Oh my God!
Did I lose my brain in exchange
for a working heart?
Oh my God!
[gasps]
Chae-ni. someone's here to see you.
Some guy?
Pretty cute too.
[Ro-bin] Don't touch your eyes.
Oh. it stings. [groans] It's hurting!
[exhales]
What do you want? You gonna say anything?
Here to pay for my laundry?
Have you ever died before?
-[gasps mockingly]
-Was that the first time?
How often has it happened to you?
Is he completely out of his mind?
No. He was there.
He was the one who called the police
during your near-death experience.
Aha! Well. you ruin my suitcase.
then you go and call the cops
and cause a scene for nothing?
It wasn't for nothing.
It was for your family
so they could retrieve your body.
Have you gone crazy?
Look. here I am in front of you.
alive and well!
-But you were definitely dead.
-No. I wasn't!
What do you think I am?
You think I'm a freak or what?
It's one explanation.
Oh! Oh…
It's a secret.
[Un-jeong] So she is hiding something.
You can't tell me what it was?
That's what "secret" means.
It means I can't tell you.
It wouldn't even be a secret otherwise.
-Ha!
[sighs]
Okay.
[tense music plays]
Have you ever heard of Wunderkinder?
[music fades]
Heard of what now?
Wu… Wu… Boon the king duck? What's that?
I don't understand.
Wonder kindle. is that even a word?
Wh… why are you so annoying. huh?
Nothing happened. We… we told you.
There. Now move on with your life.
[sighs] All right. fine.
I'll take your word for it.
-[groans]
-Oh jeez. was that guy a nutcase or what?
Are we okay?
He could find out about the rest!
Well. the rest was my idea.
If anyone tells the cops about it.
we'll get in trouble. though. won't we?
-All good. They have no evidence.
-Ah.
You guys have the camcorder
and suitcase. right?
No. They're still
in the greenhouse. I guess.
But you deleted the footage you took?
No. We were sure you were dead.
s… so we panicked and--
[groans]
Oh. for God's sake!
You're gonna do all my onions today.
and then tomorrow.
and for the rest of your life!
[jaunty marching music plays]
You answered. It's Ro-bin. How are you?
Hang up. you little punk!
I knew this would happen
if I said yes to those idiots.
Everything's going sideways.
[engine cranking]
No. Rala.
Why are you doing this to me today?
-[engine starts]
-Oh. there she is. There she is.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music stops]
Okay. your turn for lunch. Your turn.
Today's menu is jjajangbap. Go ahead.
Oh. looks like someone else
went to get lunch too.
He went alone again. that brat.
He could tell me at least. [chuckles]
OUT FOR LUNCH
[suspenseful music plays]
[Un-jeong] There's one way to find out if
she has the ability to come back to life.
SCISSORS AND KNIVES SHARPENED
Create a situation
where she has to revive herself.
[sighs]
[music fades]
[intriguing music sting]
Well done.
[tense music plays]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Un-jeong] But what if I'm wrong?
What do I do?
[horn honks]
[exciting action music plays]
[Un-jeong] Coming through!
HAEWON FLOWERS
[music fades]
[running footsteps approach]
[panting]
[man] Is it broken or something?
Why isn't it working?
It needs to work
for me to get any money for it. Oh shit.
Huh?
[taps camcorder]
[Gyeong-hun] Chae-ni. Chae-ni?
-What's wrong with her?
-Hm?
[Gyeong-hun] Oh God.
-What's this?
-[Ro-bin] Oh. is she…
[Ro-bin wails]
Wait. why isn't she waking up?
What's wrong with her? [whimpers]
And what's wrong with you?
[Gyeong-hun] Chae-ni
just died on us.
[suspenseful music plays]
Chae-ni. I think. uh.
she just died on us.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
[exhales]
What do you want for it?
[music fades]
Jeez. I know my suitcase was right here!
Did they hide it or something?
Oh! A lens cap?
Where's the rest of it?
Oh. where's the rest of it?! No!
[sighs]
[suspenseful music plays]
Damn it. That stupid little shit.
How could he forget?
[sighs]
[music fades]
[dramatic music plays]
[bells jangle]
What's that? What the…?
[screams]
[cell phone rings]
[Mi-hui] Where are you right now?
Huh?
Where else? I'm making a delivery.
How are you doing that when the flowers
you're supposed to deliver are right here?
-What exactly are you delivering?
-[Gyeong-hun] Huh?
What?
What do you mean. "What?"
I'm the one who wants to ask you. "What?"
What are you even doing?
-[Gyeong-hun] Huh?
-What?
-What. "Huh?"
[Gyeong-hun] Honey. uh. I gotta go.
He actually
hung up.
[tires screech]
[suspenseful music plays]
[screaming]
What the heck?! I need to get outta here.
[screams]
[whimpers]
Oh. train wreck.
She can't be inside anymore though.
She can't be in there… can she?
[yelps]
[screams]
[breathes heavily]
Whoa!
[screaming]
[grunts]
[screams]
[whimpers]
[tense music plays]
[music stops]
[bird squawks]
[waves lap]
[squawks]
[boat creaks]
-[TV playing]
-[customer] Can I get some more bracken?
[server] Coming right up.
[TV] You there! Twist the legs
of the traitor who conspired…
-Hey!
-Oh!
Sorry. they're asking for more--
Oh. just take it to them.
It's the final scene of the movie.
[man on TV] …against the king!
-[server] Yes. just a moment.
-[man screaming]
-[gasps] A mistake! I caught it!
-What? Where?
-It's gone now.
-Huh?
-[woman on TV] Traitor!
-Just behead me!
[groaning]
LOCATION PROVIDED BY KOREAN FOLK VILLAGE
-There! In the hospital gown!
-Where?
Oh. oh! I see it! Wow.
They sometimes shoot scenes in the street.
They must. huh?
There's a girl wearing a hospital gown
in the Joseon Dynasty?
-Who would've guessed it?
-[laughs] Guess they're freaking out now.
[laughs] I caught it though.
[dramatic music on TV]
[sighs]
[music stops]
[gasps] Oh my God. I. uh… Oh!
[gasps] I've got to… Um. yes.
[cell phone rings]
Hello?
Honey!
Yeah. all right. I'm on my way.
Honey. I had to go
to City Hall first. so… [gasps]
No. right now…
I'm already on the way.
Huh?
No. I swear.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
What the heck's going on?
[Mi-hui] Stop trying to change
the subject. When will you be here?
Huh? [breathes shakily]
Uh…
I'd say an hour?
[gasps]
Honey. I'm going as fast as I can.
Traffic's backed…
Ow!
[groans]
Fine. I took the day off. So what?
I have more going on
than delivering flowers. you know.
I have important things to take care of.
Like…
I think the person I hate most
in the world is in danger right now.
so I'm hanging up.
Now. don't call me back. I'm very busy!
[mysterious music plays]
[music fades]
What?
[metal creaks]
[dramatic music plays]
Oh!
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
3972.
are you looking for something?
[music fades]
[Un-jeong] She can't bring herself
back to life?
Could it be…
[computer beeps]
[Jun-mo] Whoa. this is crazy.
Now she's in the middle of the ocean?
[Un-jeong] Teleportation?
[guns cock]
[suspenseful music plays]
How did you get on?
Are you… are you here to arrest us?
[man] What did the bitch see
to have such a dumb look on her face?
I'm sick of your mouth. asshole.
We're wasting time! Let's finish her off
and throw her the hell overboard!
Okay.
[gasps]
[dramatic music plays]
Help me!
[music stops]
That's odd. Ms. King's here early.
[tense music plays]
Long time no see. Mr. Choi.
[gasps]
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD
CHOI YEONG-JUN
[music fades]
[intriguing music plays]
[gentle piano music plays]
[child singing "Der Mond ist aufgegangen"]
[haunting music plays]
[music fades]